README.md, before:

# Game base E-Learning Platform (codename: Edge)
Repo for the UCSC MIT 3201 Thesis Project

## Video Demo

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/hn7QkOJSCEQ?si=GXcFhEIh5jzUfuTx" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Full youtube playlist: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYyKxvPeH7y0A_qSqwtvfOOloWLHxhvaI&si=RzOZEpH8HtTF-t2e

## Project Structure

```txt
angular - Angular Frontend NPM project
node - Node Backend (with Express and Socket I/O) NPM Project
node/dist - Angular Frontend built using ng build
scripts - Project Scaffolding projects
resources - Misc. Project Resources (images, text files, etc.)
db - Database Backups, Seed Scripts, Schemas, Docker Compose Files
```

## Scripts & Commands

### 1. DB
Scripts in `/db` folder

- `start.sh` - Start docker instance with MongoDB and MySQL (+admin panels)

### 2. Node
Scripts in `/node` folder

- `start.sh` - Start Nodemon on server

Postman Collection is available from [this link](https://www.getpostman.com/collections/8eeac3e774c23078aab1).

### 3. Angular
Scripts & commands in `/angular` folder

- `ng serve` - Start Angular server
- `build_to_node.sh` - Build Angular project into /node/dist folder

## Software Requirements

1. Node
[Download Link](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

2. Angular CLI
```shell
npm install -g @angular/cli
```

3. Docker Compose, Docker CLI
[Download Link](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

Commit message:

Update README.md with Thesis and Image Thumbnail for Video

README.md, after:

# Game base E-Learning Platform (codename: Edge)
Repo for the UCSC MIT 3201 Thesis Project

## Thesis

The Thesis for my project is published in the University of Colombo School of Computing (Sri Lanka)'s Digital Library.
- [UCSC Digital Library - DODANGODA T.N. Thesis abstract page](https://dl.ucsc.cmb.ac.lk/jspui/handle/123456789/4708)
- [UCSC Digital Library - Game based E-Learning Platform - T. N. DODANGODA (PDF)](https://dl.ucsc.cmb.ac.lk/jspui/bitstream/123456789/4708/1/2018%20MIT%20016.pdf)

## Video Demo

<a href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYyKxvPeH7y0A_qSqwtvfOOloWLHxhvaI&si=RzOZEpH8HtTF-t2e"><img width="400" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/94434ea3-c2e4-4911-baf4-9de1a7054dc1"/></a>

## Project Structure

```txt
angular - Angular Frontend NPM project
node - Node Backend (with Express and Socket I/O) NPM Project
node/dist - Angular Frontend built using ng build
scripts - Project Scaffolding projects
resources - Misc. Project Resources (images, text files, etc.)
db - Database Backups, Seed Scripts, Schemas, Docker Compose Files
```

## Scripts & Commands

### 1. DB
Scripts in `/db` folder

- `start.sh` - Start docker instance with MongoDB and MySQL (+admin panels)

### 2. Node
Scripts in `/node` folder

- `start.sh` - Start Nodemon on server

Postman Collection is available from [this link](https://www.getpostman.com/collections/8eeac3e774c23078aab1).

### 3. Angular
Scripts & commands in `/angular` folder

- `ng serve` - Start Angular server
- `build_to_node.sh` - Build Angular project into /node/dist folder

## Software Requirements

1. Node
[Download Link](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

2. Angular CLI
```shell
npm install -g @angular/cli
```

3. Docker Compose, Docker CLI
[Download Link](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
